feat: Added support for `weekdayAbbreviations` and `monthAbbreviations` to `MacosDatePicker` (#416)
macosui/macos_ui: CHANGELOG.md

## [2.0.0-beta.2]

> * Added support for `weekdaysAbbreviations` and `monthsAbbreviations` to `MacosDatePicker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for `weekdayAbbreviations` and `monthAbbreviations` to `MacosDatePicker`
```
